Update README.md - Enable remote copybook definitions in processor groups (#2769)
eclipse-che4z/che-che4z-lsp-for-cobol: README.md

## Processor Groups

Use processor groups to link programs with specific dialects, SQL backend settings, copybook extensions, compiler options, and local and remote locations that contain copybooks. You define processor groups in a `proc_grps.json` file and associate processor groups with programs in a `pgm_conf.json` file. Create both of these files in a `/.cobolplugin` folder in your workspace root.

The `proc_grps.json` file is formatted as an array of JSON elements, with one JSON per processor group. Each processor group can contain the following elements:

- **"name":** (string)  
    - Specify a name for the processor group.
- (Optional) **"libs":** (array)  
    - Specify local folders, mainframe data sets and USS files that contain copybooks. Specify local folders as either absolute or relative local paths. These libraries are used to search for copybooks in programs linked with this processor group, and take priority over the copybook libraries that you specify in the extension settings.

>     - To retrieve copybooks from mainframe data sets and USS files, ensure that you also specify the **"zoweProfile"** parameter.

Reviewer: This will be a bit more complicated, let's wait for the final version #2758.

        - **"dataset":** (string)
            - Specify the full DSN of a PDS that contains copybooks.
        - **"uss":** (string)
            - Specify a full USS path that contains copybooks.
        - (Optional) **"profile":** (string)
            - Specify the name of a Zowe profile. If you do not include this parameter, the Zowe profile specified in the extension settings is used. 
    - Specify Endevor locations as JSON elements containing the following parameters. Use one JSON element per Endevor location.
        - (Optional) **"profile":** (string)
            - If you use more than one Endevor connection or inventory location, specify the name of a connection or inventory location or profile in this parameter. If you only use one Endevor connection and inventory location, you can omit this parameter.
        - **"environment":** (string)
        - **"stage":** (string)
        - **"system":** (string)
        - **"subsystem":** (string)
        - **"type":** (string)

>     - To retrieve copybooks from mainframe data sets and USS files, ensure that you also specify the **"zoweProfile"** parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To retrieve copybooks from mainframe data sets and USS files, ensure that you either specify the **"profile"** parameter or provide a default Zowe profile in settings.
```

Author: Removed this in latest ocmmit

- (Optional) **"compiler-options":** (array)  
    - Specify compiler directives that you want to apply to the programs linked with this processor group. Currently the following directives are supported:
        - QUALIFY(*EXTEND|COMPAT*)

> 	- XMLPARSE(*XMLSS|COMPAT*)

Reviewer: Somehow, this ends up looking broken.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - XMLPARSE(*XMLSS|COMPAT*)
```
